Add a CLI command log (#3421)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a new validation (`BA125`) to **validate** that assures internal function names aren't in use in customer-facing docs.
* Fixed an issue in **update-content-graph** where the neo4j service was unaccessible for non-root users.
* Added a Sourcery hook to **pre-commit**.

> * Added a log specifying the SDK command that's in use in log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added logging of the called cli command.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Added a log of the CLI command used to run demisto-sdk.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a log of the CLI command used when running demisto-sdk.
```
